Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care. +attributed to Theodore Roosevelt
Caring about others, running the risk of feeling, and leaving an impact on people, brings happiness.+Harold Kushner 
Nurturing is not complex. It's simply being tuned in to the thing or person before you and offering small gestures toward what it needs at that time.+Mary Anne Radmacher
Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.+H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.+Langston Hughes
Things done well and with a care, exempt themselves from fear.+William Shakespeare
The closest thing to being cared for is to care for someone else.+Carson McCullers
Without a sense of caring, there can be no sense of community.+Anthony J. D'Angelo
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.+J. K. Rowling
Warm weather fosters growth: cold weather destroys it. Thus a man with an unsympathetic temperament has a scant joy: but a man with a warm and friendly heart overflowing blessings, and his beneficence will extend to posterity.+Hung Tzu-Ch'Eng
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.+Leo Buscaglia 
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.+Og Mandino
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.+Margaret Mead
Caring for but never trying to own may be a further way to define friendship.+William Glasser
So when you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it.+Jiddu Krishnamurti 
Want of care does us more damage than want of knowledge.+Benjamin Franklin
I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.+Pablo Casals
Life has taught me that respect, caring and love must be shared, for it's only through sharing that friendships are born.+Donna A. Favors
We should give as we would receive, cheerfully, quickly, and without hesitation; for there is no grace in a benefit that sticks to the fingers.+Seneca
We won't always know whose lives we touched and made better for our having cared, because actions can sometimes have unforeseen ramifications. What's important is that you do care and you act.+Charlotte Lunsford
Today, give yourself permission to be outrageously kind, irrationally warm, improbably generous. I promise it will be a blast.+Sasha Dicter of Acumen Fund on Generosity Day
One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.+Erich Fromm 
Caring can be learned by all human beings, can be worked into the design of every life, meeting an individual need as well as a pervasive need in society.+Mary Catherine Bateson 
You really can change the world if you care enough.+Marian Wright Edelman 
From caring comes courage.+Lao Tzu
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.+Joseph Joubert
The simple act of caring is heroic.+Edward Albert
When people cared about each other, they always found a way to make it work.+Nicholas Sparks
People who care about each other enjoy doing things for one another. They don't consider it servitude.+Ann Landers
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.+Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, a fair-weather companion flatters when all is well, a true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.+E.A. Bucchianeri
Never be so busy as not to think of others.+Mother Teresa
The right mixture of caring and not caring - I suppose that's what love is.      +James Hilton
A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside.      +Denis Waitley
When you are caring about your children perhaps you always have to remember at what point you can become over involved because of something you need rather than something the child needs.      +Frank Shorter
One person caring about another represents life's greatest value.      +Jim Rohn
Caring is a powerful business advantage.      +Scott Johnson
Always be a little kinder than necessary.      +James M. Barrie
The more sympathy you give, the less you need.      +Malcolm S. Forbes
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.      +Max Beerbohm
It is not alone the fact that women have generally had to spend most of their strength in caring for others that has handicapped them in individual effort; but also that they have almost universally had to care wholly for themselves.      +Anna Garlin
One must care about a world one will never see.      +Bertrand Russell 
You don't have a garden just for yourself. You have it to share.      +Augusta Carter
A person who cares about the earth will resonate with its purity.      +Sally Fox
A mother is a person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.      +Tenneva Jordan
Nature is cruel, but we don't have to be.      +Temple Grandin
A kind word is like a spring day.      +Russian Proverb
Find a subject you care about and which you feel others should care about. It is this genuine caring, and not your games with language which will be the most compelling and seductive element in your style.      +Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Chance, fate, nurturing an inner preparedness for change and direction--how can one disentangle them?      +Sigmund Freud
Love is understanding someone, caring for him, sharing his joys and sorrows.      +Ann Frank
Christianity has taught us to care. Caring is the greatest thing, caring matters most.      +Baron Friedrich Von Hugel
Three keys to more abundant living: caring about others, daring for others, sharing with others.      +William A. Ward
Nurturing is the caring kind of love.      +Alfred A. Henry
Caring gives sincerity to love.      +Alfred Henry
More children would suffer aborted love were it not for rescue by caring hearts and hands.      +Alfred Henry
Caring is not absentee; it's as close as motherhood.      +Alfred Henry
Trite but true: Those who care are always there.      +Alfred Henry
I believe that the basis of any health education lies in a person's caring enough about himself that he'll want to take care of himself.      +Fred Rogers
No matter how wise and compassionate our teachers may be, they cannot walk the path for us.      +D.Loy
Fundamentally, the basis on which you can build a sense of caring for others is the capacity to love yourself.      +Dalai Lama
Loving everyone in the whole world is embodied in our love for those closest to us and in compassionate action to care for those in need.      +Elen &amp; Charles Birx
Leaving things to the government, like leaving them to providence, is synonymous with not caring about them.      +John Stuart Mill
In the deeper waters, life is about others: family, friends, faith, community, country, caring, commitment.      +Mitt Romney
The only degree you'll need is a degree of caring.      +Bob Benson
There never was any harm truly great and generous, that was not also tender and compassionate.      +Robert Frost
Caring is personal. It is rooted in an individual's own set of values, concerns, and aspirations.      +Peter M. Senge
A caring, faithful, and worshipping humanity is one of the the garden's most important crop.      +Norman Wirzba
I need a caring world, a caring world  Will you hear me when I cry  I need a caring world, a caring world  Please don't leave me high and dry      +Des'ree Weeks
You owe me nothing for giving the love that I give You owe me nothing for caring the way that I have I give you thanks for receiving, it's my privilege  And you owe me nothing in return.      +Alanis Morissette
Caring is not what a powerful person gives to a weaker one. Caring is a matter of being there...lamenting right along with the one who laments.      +Fred Rogers
To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now--and to go on caring even through times that may bring us pain.      +Fred Rogers
Some people care too much. I think it’s called love.      + Winnie the Pooh
Promising too much can be as cruel as caring too little.      +William J. Clinton
Friendly people are caring people, eager to provide encouragement and support when needed most.      +Rosabeth Moss Kanter
In the end, having a heart, being caring is so much rewarding. Better to have a loving caring heart then being cold.      +Sylvia Charming
To make a difference in someone's life, you don't have to be brilliant, rich, beautiful, or perfect. You just have to care.      +Mandy Hale
Politeness and caring for each other cannot be a thing of the past.      +Peter Frampton
